Chore/ts --isolatedModules issue (#20239)
expo/expo: packages/expo-sensors/CHANGELOG.md

### 🎉 New features

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - Fixed `Re-exporting a type when the '--isolatedModules' flag is provided requires using 'export type'.` ts issue ([#20239](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/20239) by [@zakharchenkoAndrii](https://github.com/zakharchenkoAndrii))

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Fixed `Re-exporting a type when the '--isolatedModules' flag is provided requires using 'export type'.` ts issue. ([#20239](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/20239) by [@zakharchenkoAndrii](https://github.com/zakharchenkoAndrii))
```

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - Fixed `Re-exporting a type when the '--isolatedModules' flag is provided requires using 'export type'.` ts issue ([#20239](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/20239) by [@zakharchenkoAndrii](https://github.com/zakharchenkoAndrii))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Export types with type-only annotation to fix build when using `isolatedModules` flag.  ([#20239](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/20239) by [@zakharchenkoAndrii](https://github.com/zakharchenkoAndrii))
```

Author: done
